Add kraken2 phylogenetic assignment subworkflow (#47)
nf-core/seqinspector: docs/output.md

### Kraken2

[Kraken](https://ccb.jhu.edu/software/kraken2/) is a taxonomic sequence classifier that assigns taxonomic labels to DNA sequences. Kraken examines the k-mers within a query sequence and uses the information within those k-mers to query a database. That database maps -mers to the lowest common ancestor (LCA) of all genomes known to contain a given k-mer.

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `kraken2/`
  - `<db_name>_combined_reports.txt`: A combined profile of all samples aligned to a given database (as generated by `krakentools`)
  - `<db_name>/`
    - `<sample_id>_<db_name>.classified.fastq.gz`: FASTQ file containing all reads that had a hit against a reference in the database for a given sample
    - `<sample_id>_<db_name>.unclassified.fastq.gz`: FASTQ file containing all reads that did not have a hit in the database for a given sample
    - `<sample_id>_<db_name>.classifiedreads.txt`: A list of read IDs and the hits each read had against each database for a given sample

</details>

> The main taxonomic classification file from Kraken2 is the `_combined_reports.txt` or `*report.txt` file. The former provides you the broadest over view of the taxonomic classification results across all samples against a single database, where you get two columns for each sample e.g. `2_all` and `2_lvl`, as well as a summarised column summing up across all samples `tot_all` and `tot_lvl`. The latter gives you the most information for a single sample. The report file is also used for the taxpasta step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main taxonomic classification file from Kraken2 is the `_combined_reports.txt` or `*report.txt` file. The former provides you the broadest overview of the taxonomic classification results across all samples against a single database, where you get two columns for each sample e.g. `2_all` and `2_lvl`, as well as a summarised column summing up across all samples `tot_all` and `tot_lvl`. The latter gives you the most information for a single sample. The report file is also used for the taxpasta step.
```
